[Music]
this is a tie daddy's getting the
promotion today was to be the biggest
day of Tom Sanders career I didn't get
it the new vice president will be
Meredith Johnson Meredith we don't know
anything about this woman I do I had a
thing with her but now his entire future
the problem working for me grin and bear
it like I usually do and hope it doesn't
get any worse is about to fall into the
hands of a family now it's exactly why I
can trust you you have a lot more to
lose than I do
of a woman from his past
[Music]
you can't just stop not gonna be stopped
she said you sexually harassed her she
arrests do you hear me we just have to
hope he's smart enough to see doesn't
have any options I want to know whether
I can sue her
sexual harassment
dangerous games to Sanders play willing
to play and push comes to shove he
doesn't have the gut
oh I don't tell me you're scared of me
they're setting me up who pushed you too
hard he has nothing to lose
oh yes I told his wife yet
[Music]
thank you come in here between me and my
wife take my job take a family the house
that we have made
the bomb were sitting on the come blow
everything sky-high thought of losing
millions of dollars happens to get stuck
right here
you're up against
we'll see
[Music]